OKAY, JANICE HAS A QUESTION:
WHO OF THE
SIX OF YOU
HAS SLEPT WITH WHO
OF THE SIX OF YOU?
Phoebe:
WOW, IT'S LIKE
A DIRTY MATH PROBLEM.
UM, SORRY, THE ANSWER
THERE WOULD BE:
NONE OF US.
Janice:
COME ON, NONE OF YOU
EVER GOT
YOU KNOW,
DRUNK AND STUPID?
Joey:
WELL, THAT'S REALLY
A DIFFERENT QUESTION.
I'M SORRY.
I FIND IT HARD TO BELIEVE
THAT A GROUP OF PEOPLE
WHO SPENDS AS MUCH TIME
TOGETHER AS YOU GUYS DO
HAS NEVER BUMPED UGLIES.
Joey:
THERE WAS THAT ONE TIME
THAT MONICA AND RACHEL
GOT TOGETHER.
WHAT?!
EXCUSE ME.
THERE WAS NO "TIME."
OKAY, BUT LET'S
SAY THERE WAS...
HOW MIGHT THAT GO?
OKAY, OKAY.
WELL, THEN ANSWER ME THIS.
HAVE ANY OF YOU EVER...
ALMOST?
Rachel:
DOES ANYBODY NEED
ANY MORE COFFEE?
Joey:
HEY, THERE'S A DOG
OUT THERE.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
OH, THAT WAS SO UNFORTUNATE.
WHAT?
THE CUTE NAKED GUY'S REALLY
STARTING TO PUT ON WEIGHT.
OKAY, I'LL BE BACK
IN JUST A MINUTE.
OH, PHOEBE?
I'M SORRY
THAT I LEFT LIPSTICK MARKS
ON THE PHONE.
YOU DIDN'T LEAVE LIPSTICK MARKS
OH. THEN IT MUST HAVE BEEN YOU.
BYE.
BYE-BYE.
AND THAT'S WHY I MOVED OUT.
YOU KNOW,
WHILE WE'RE ON THAT
WHEN ARE YOU GOING
TO TELL MY SISTER
THAT YOU DON'T
LIVE HERE ANYMORE?
I THINK ON SOME LEVEL
SHE ALREADY KNOWS.
SHE DOESN'T KNOW YOU
SNEAK OUT EVERY NIGHT...
THAT YOU SNEAK BACK
EVERY MORNING.
SHE DOESN'T KNOW THAT
YOU'VE BEEN LIVING
AT YOUR GRANDMOTHER'S
FOR A WEEK NOW.
OKAY, WELL, MAYBE NOT
ON THOSE LEVELS.
HEY.
Phoebe:
OH, HI.
I'M NEVER GOING TO FIND
A ROOMMATE EVER.
WELL, NOBODY GOOD?
WELL, LET'S SEE.
THERE WAS THE GUY
WITH THE FERRETS.
THAT'S PLURAL.
THE SPITTER.
OH, THE GUY WHO ENJOYED
MY NAME SO MUCH
HE FELT HE NEEDED
TO MAKE A LITTLE NOISE
EVERY TIME HE SAID IT.
"NICE TO MEET YOU,
CHANDLER BING.
BING!"
"GREAT APARTMENT, CHANDLER BING.
( high-pitched voice ):
BING!"
SO HOW MANY MORE DO
YOU HAVE TOMORROW?
TWO. THIS PHOTOGRAPHER
WHO SEEMED REALLY DULL
AND THIS ACTOR GUY,
WHO I'M NOT SURE ABOUT
BECAUSE, UH, WHEN HE CALLED
AND I ANSWERED THE PHONE
"CHANDLER BING"
HE SAID, "WHOA! SHORT MESSAGE."
Monica:
UH, ROSS?
FOOT ON THE FLOOR
OR COME OVER NO MORE.
SURE. YOUR DRESSER
IS MISSING
BUT THIS SHE NOTICES.
WHAT?
I HAVE TO GO.
YEAH, CAROL SHOULD
BE HOME BY NOW.
HMM. HOW'S IT GOING
WITH YOU GUYS?
OH, BETTER, ACTUALLY.
YOU KNOW, I THINK
I FINALLY FIGURED OUT
WHY WE WERE HAVING SO
MUCH TROUBLE LATELY.
OH, REALLY?
YOU KNOW HOW
I HAVE YOU GUYS?
WELL, SHE DOESN'T HAVE
ANY CLOSE FRIENDS
THAT ARE JUST HERS
BUT LAST WEEK
SHE MET THIS WOMAN
AT THE GYM--
SUSAN SOMETHING--
AND THEY REALLY
HIT IT OFF
AND I THINK IT'S GOING
TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE.
SO, UH, ERIC...
WHAT KIND OF PHOTOGRAPHY
DO YOU DO?
OH, MOSTLY FASHION.
SO THERE MAY BE MODELS HERE
FROM TIME TO TIME.
I HOPE THAT'S COOL.
YES, IT IS COOL...
UH, BECAUSE I HAVE MODELS HERE,
YOU KNOW...
NEVER.
WHAT ELSE?
OOH, YEAH.
DURING THE SUMMER,
I SPEND MOST WEEKENDS
AT MY SISTER'S
BEACH HOUSE
WHICH YOU ARE WELCOME TO USE.
ALTHOUGH I SHOULD TELL YOU
SHE'S A PORN STAR.
WELL, LISTEN, I, UH, STILL HAVE
ONE MORE PERSON TO, UH, MEET
BUT UNLESS IT TURNS OUT
TO BE YOUR SISTER...
( clearing throat )
I THINK YOUR CHANCES
ARE PRETTY GOOD.
ALL RIGHT.
BEDROOM, BATHROOM,
LIVING ROOM
THIS RIGHT HERE'S
THE KITCHEN
AND, UH,
THANKS FOR COMING BY. BYE-BYE.
DON'T YOU, UH, DON'T YOU WANT
TO ASK ME ANY QUESTIONS?
SURE. UH, HMM...
WHAT'S UP?
WELL, UH, I'M AN ACTOR.
I'M FAIRLY NEAT.
I, UH, I GOT MY OWN TV.
OH, AND DON'T WORRY.
I'M TOTALLY OKAY
WITH THE GAY THING.
( chuckling ):
WHAT GAY THING?
UH, JUST, YOU KNOW, IN GENERAL--
THE WHOLE PEOPLE BEING GAY...
THING.
TOTALLY COOL WITH THAT.
( clearing throat )
WELL, OKAY, JERRY.
THANKS FOR STOPPING BY.
HI.
HEY.
HEY, MON.
YOU WANT TO HEAR
SOMETHING THAT SUCKS?
DO I EVER.
CHRIS SAYS THEY'RE
CLOSING DOWN THE BAR.
NO WAY.
THEY'RE TURNING IT
INTO SOME KIND OF COFFEE PLACE.
JUST COFFEE?
WHERE ARE WE GOING
TO HANG OUT NOW?
GOT ME.
CAN I GET
A BEER, PLEASE?
DID YOU PICK
A ROOMMATE?
YOU BETCHA.
IS IT THE ITALIAN GUY?
YEAH, RIGHT.
OHH... HE'S SO CUTE.
OH, YES, THAT'S
WHAT I WANT--
A ROOMMATE THAT I
CAN WALK AROUND WITH
AND BE REFERRED TO
AS "THE FUNNY ONE."
OH, LOOK.
POOL TABLE'S FREE.
RACK THEM UP.
I'LL BE BACK
IN A MINUTE.
GET READY FOR ME
TO WHIP YOUR BUTT.
OKAY, BUT AFTER THAT,
WE'RE SHOOTING SOME POOL.
OH. NO, NO, NO.
EXCUSE ME.
HELLO. HI.
MY FRIEND
ORDERED AN ONION
NOT AN OLIVE.
AND, UH, I ORDERED
A RUM AND DIET COKE
WHICH I DON'T
THINK THIS IS.
I AM SO SORRY.
THAT'S
ALL RIGHT.
I MEAN, HOW HARD IS IT TO GET
A COUPLE DRINKS RIGHT, HUH?
WELL...
I WOULD LIKE TO
PROPOSE A TOAST.
OH!
TO THE WOMAN WHO,
IN ONE YEAR FROM TODAY
WILL BECOME MRS. DR.
BARRY FARBER, D.D.S.
MMM. I THINK IT'S TIME
TO SEE THE RING AGAIN.
( both screaming )
ISN'T IT EXCITING?
I MEAN, IT'S LIKE HAVING
A BOYFRIEND FOR LIFE.
( clearing throat )
YEAH.
I KNOW.
WHAT?
OHH... I DON'T KNOW.
WELL, MAYBE
IT'S JUST
THE IDEA OF BARRY
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE.
I DON'T KNOW.
I THINK I-I FEEL LIKE I NEED TO
HAVE ONE LAST FLING, YOU KNOW?
TO SORT OF GET IT
OUT OF MY SYSTEM.
RACHEL, STOP.
YOU'RE SO BAD.
I'M SERIOUS.
I REALLY... I THINK
I NEED TO JUST HAVE SOME...
MEANINGLESS... SEX, YOU KNOW?
WITH THE NEXT GUY I SEE.
EXCUSE ME.
I... SEEMED TO HAVE DROPPED
MY BALL.
YEAH, SO?
AND NOW I'VE
PICKED IT UP AGAIN.
OH, MY GOD.
I WENT TO HIGH SCHOOL
WITH HER.
RACHEL!
HI.
MONICA!
LOOK. HI.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
OH, MY GOD.
YOU CAN'T EVEN SEE WHERE
THE TITANIC HIT IT.
( laughs )
YES. HIS NAME IS BARRY.
HE'S A DOCTOR,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
AW, JUST LIKE
YOU ALWAYS WANTED.
CONGRATULATIONS.
THANK YOU.
SO HOW ABOUT YOU?
ARE YOU SEEING ANYBODY?
OH, NOT RIGHT NOW.
OH, WELL, THAT'S OKAY.
I KNOW.
WELL, SO I THINK
I'LL GET BACK TO MY FRIEND.
OH, YEAH,
SURE, SURE.
SURE, SURE, SURE.
LISTEN. CAN WE
PLEASE HAVE LUNCH
THE NEXT TIME
I'M IN THE CITY?
OH, THAT'D BE GREAT.
OKAY. THANKS.
BYE.
TEN BUCKS SAYS I NEVER SEE
THAT WOMAN AGAIN IN MY LIFE.
NO, REAL... HONEY, REALLY.
IT'S FINE.
JUST...
GO WITH SUSAN.
REALLY, I THINK...
NO, I THINK GIRLS' NIGHT OUT
IS A GREAT IDEA.
OKAY. OKAY, BYE.
SO WHAT ARE THEY DOING?
I DON'T KNOW.
SOMETHING GIRLY.
HEY.
HEY, YOU'RE EARLY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
WITH THE LAMP?
I'M TAKING IT TO GET REWIRED.
OH. DON'T TAKE IT TO THE SAME
PLACE YOU TOOK THE STEREO.
THEY'VE HAD THAT THING
FOR OVER A WEEK.
( knocking )
NO...
NO! MR. HECKLES, NO ONE IS
MAKING ANY NOISE UP HERE!
YOU'RE DISTURBING
MY OBOE PRACTICE.
YOU DON'T PLAY
THE OBOE.
I COULD PLAY THE OBOE.
THEN I'M GOING TO HAVE
TO ASK YOU TO KEEP IT DOWN.
WHO ARE YOU?
HI. I'M ERIC.
I'M GOING TO BE
CHANDLER'S NEW ROOMMATE.
I'M CHANDLER'S NEW ROOMMATE.
I DON'T THINK SO.
I COULD BE CHANDLER'S
NEW ROOMMATE.
BUT HE TOLD ME OVER THE PHONE...
HE TOLD ME IN PERSON.
OH. THAT'S WEIRD.
WELL, I'M GOING TO, UH,
GO INTO MY NEW APARTMENT NOW.
HUH?
( shouts )
HI AGAIN.
HEY.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
OH, DON'T THANK ME.
THANK THE JERK
THAT NEVER SHOWED UP.
OKAY, I GOT TO GET
TO WORK.
YOU WANT SOME HELP
WITH THAT?
OH, NO THANKS.
I GOT IT.
OH, NO, I DON'T.
WHOA!
( laughing )
YOU OKAY?
YEAH.
WHOO!
I STOOD UP TOO FAST.
GOT A LITTLE HEAD RUSH.
IT'S THE HEAT.
( clearing throat )
AND THE HUMIDITY.
( nervous laugh )
THAT'S A, UH...
THAT'S A TOUGH COMBINATION.
( chuckles )
DO YOU WANT TO COME IN
FOR SOME LEMONADE?
LIKE YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE.
OHH...
WOW.
THIS IS A GREAT PLACE.
OH, THANK YOU.
JUST... MAKE YOURSELF
COMFORTABLE.
GOTCHA.
( chuckling )
SO THIS PLACE
IS REALLY
MY GRANDMOTHER'S.
I GOT IT FROM HER
WHEN SHE MOVED TO FLORIDA.
OTHERWISE I COULD NEVER AFFORD
A PLACE LIKE THIS.
SO IF THE LANDLORD
EVER ASKS
I'M AN 87-YEAR-OLD WOMAN
WHO'S AFRAID OF HER VCR.
YOU THIRSTY?
YOU BET I AM.
OKAY.
HERE'S YOUR PENIS!
YOU SAID, "YOU WANT TO COME IN
FOR SOME LEMONADE?"
SO?!
WERE, AH... WERE YOU JUST
GOING TO GIVE ME LEMONADE?
YEAH-HUH!
WOULD YOU COVER
YOURSELF UP?!
OH, RIGHT. SORRY.
GOD, I DON'T
BELIEVE THIS.
SOMEONE ASKS YOU IN
FOR LEMONADE
AND TO YOU, THAT MEANS
THEY WANT TO HAVE SEX?!
UM, USUALLY...
YEAH. WELL, NOT JUST LEMONADE.
ICED TEA... SOMETIMES JUICE.
LOOK, I'M... SORRY.
I JUST... THOUGHT YOU LIKED ME.
I'M SUCH A JERK.
IT'S OKAY.
( sighs )
I SUPPOSE IT COULD HAPPEN
TO ANYONE.
NOT ANYONE I KNOW, BUT...
BY THE WAY, I CAN STILL SEE IT.
HEY!
PHEEBS?
HUH?
WHERE'S YOUR BED?
IT'S NOT IN THE APARTMENT?
OH, NO.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS IS HAPPENING AGAIN.
WHAT?
OKAY, ENOUGH
OF THE THIRD DEGREE!
I-I-I DON'T LIVE HERE ANYMORE.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I'M SORRY.
I... I... I...
I DON'T LIVE
HERE ANYMORE.
I-I DIDN'T KNOW HOW TO TELL YOU,
BUT YOU KNOW
EVERYBODY ELSE KNOWS.
EVERYBODY KNOWS?
THAT WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE A GOOD THING.
I FORGET WHY.
MONICA, I...
DO YOU KNOW...
I COULDN'T SLEEP
FOR, LIKE, A MONTH
BECAUSE I GOT A DOT OF INK
ON ONE OF THE SOFA CUSHIONS?
WELL, YOU COULD HAVE
JUST TURNED THE CUSHION OVER.
EXCEPT I HAD A BIG SPAGHETTI
STAIN ON THE OTHER SIDE.
WHAT?!
OKAY, THIS IS WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT-- THIS.
I NEED TO LIVE IN A LAND
WHERE PEOPLE CAN SPILL.
WELL, YOU CAN SPILL...
IN THE SINK.
AW, HONEY, IT'S NOT
YOUR FAULT, YOU KNOW.
THIS IS WHO YOU ARE
AND I LOVE YOU
AND I WANT US
TO BE FRIENDS
AND IF I KEEP
LIVING HERE
I DON'T SEE THAT
HAPPENING.
I LOVE YOU TOO.
OH, GOOD.
HMM...
WHAT?
WHAT? I'M JUST SAD.
NO, YOU'RE WONDERING
WHICH CUSHION IT IS.
Aah!
SO, UH...
WHAT ARE YOU
WATCHING?
BAYWATCH.
...move south towards the pier.
WHAT'S IT ABOUT?
UH... LIFEGUARDS.
WHAT?
WELL, IT SOUNDS
KIND OF STUPID.
WHO'S SHE?
Joey:
NICOLE EGGERT.
WE LIKE HER.
WOW, LOOK AT THEM RUN.
YEAH...
THEY DO THAT A LOT.
HEY, YOU WANT A BEER?
YEAH. I'LL GO GET ONE.
NO, NO, DON'T GET UP.
I GOT A COOLER
RIGHT HERE.
( chuckles )
Chandler:
HELLO.
HEY.
DO YOU HAVE ANY BEERS?
WE'RE OUT
OF BEERS.
HELP YOURSELF.
YOU OKAY?
PHOEBE MOVED OUT.
RIGHT.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
AM I SO HARD
TO LIVE WITH?
IS THIS WHY
I DON'T HAVE A BOYFRIEND?
NO! YOU DON'T HAVE
A BOYFRIEND BECAUSE...
I DON'T... I DON'T KNOW WHY
YOU DON'T HAVE A BOYFRIEND.
YOU SHOULD HAVE A BOYFRIEND.
WELL, I THINK SO.
OH, COME HERE.
COME HERE.
LISTEN--
YOU ARE ONE
OF MY FAVORITE PEOPLE
AND THE MOST
BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
I'VE EVER KNOWN
IN REAL LIFE.
OH...
HI.
WHERE IS EVERYBODY?
OH, IT'S ALREADY CLOSED.
CHRIS GAVE ME THE KEYS
TO LOCK UP.
WHAT IS WRONG?
MY MARRI...
I THINK MY MARRIAGE IS, UM...
IS KIND OF OVER.
OH, NO! WHY?
'CAUSE CAROL'S A LESBIAN.
AND... AND I'M NOT ONE...
AND APPARENTLY, IT'S NOT
A MIX-AND-MATCH SITUATION.
OH, MY GOD!
I DON'T BELIEVE IT!
OH, YOU POOR BUNNY.
I'M AN IDIOT.
I MEAN, I SHOULD
HAVE SEEN IT.
I MEAN, CAROL AND I'D BE OUT
AND SHE'D SEE
SOME BEAUTIFUL WOMAN, AND...
AND SHE'D BE,
"ROSS, LOOK AT HER"
AND I'D THINK...
"GOD, MY WIFE IS COOL."
OH...
HEY, DO YOU THINK
THAT SUSAN PERSON IS HER LOVER?
WELL, NOW I DO.
OH, GOD!
I'M SORRY.
( gasping )
SEVEN YEARS.
I MEAN... WE'VE BEEN
TOGETHER SEVEN YEARS.
SHE'S THE ONLY WOMAN
WHO'S EVER LOVED ME.
I-I'VE EVER...
OH, OH, ROSS.
OH...
MMM... THIS IS NICE.
I KNOW. IT IS,
ISN'T IT?
NO, I MEAN IT.
THIS FEELS REALLY GOOD.
IS IT A HUNDRED
PERCENT COTTON?
YEAH...
AND I GOT IT
ON SALE TOO.
ANYWAY, I SHOULD GO.
ONE OF THE LIFEGUARDS
WAS JUST ABOUT TO DISMANTLE
A NUCLEAR DEVICE.
WELL, IF YOU WANT TO GET
A DRINK LATER, WE CAN.
THAT SOUNDS GREAT. OKAY.
OH, AND LISTEN,
IT'S... IT'S GOING TO BE...
I KNOW.
THANKS.
MAYBE THIS WOULDN'T
HAVE HAPPENED
IF I'D BEEN MORE
NURTURING OR...
I'D PAID MORE
ATTENTION OR I'D...
HAD A UTERUS.
I MEAN, I CAN'T
BELIEVE IT.
NO, NO, YOU DON'T
DESERVE THIS.
YOU DON'T. ROSS.
YOU'RE-YOU'RE REALLY...
YOU'RE SO GOOD.
THANKS.
AND YOU'RE SO...
SWEET AND...
THANKS.
YOU'RE KIND AND...
COME HERE.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT,
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
HUH?
OKAY. IT'S OKAY.
( gasps )
OH!
( both moaning )
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
MY FOOT IS STUCK
IN THE POCKET.
WHAT?
I CAN'T GET IT OUT.
WELL, THAT'S NOT SOMETHING
A GIRL WANTS TO HEAR.
DON'T START.
OKAY.
OW.
WHAT?
STUPID BALLS
ARE IN THE WAY.
( chuckling )
( groans )
OH, WELL.
IT PROBABLY WOULDN'T
HAVE BEEN THE MOST
CONSTRUCTIVE SOLUTION.
YOU HAVE CHALK
ON YOUR FACE.
OH, ROSS,
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
I ALWAYS THOUGHT
THIS WAS REAL GRASS.
HONEY, YOU OKAY?
MY WIFE'S A LESBIAN.
COOL!
( grunts )
ROSS, JOEY.
JOEY, ROSS.
HI.
HOW'S IT GOING?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU CAME BACK.
DON'T SAY ANYTHING.
I DON'T WANT TO SPEAK.
I DON'T WANT TO THINK.
I JUST WANT YOU
TO TAKE ME
AND KISS ME
AND MAKE LOVE TO ME
RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW.
( "Time of the Season" plays )
Woman:
RACHEL..? RACHEL!
WHAT?
YOU MISSED THE EXIT.
OH. SORRY.
MY GOD, WHAT WERE YOU
THINKING ABOUT?
( clears throat )
UM... BARRY.
AW...
[ Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]